QUERY: Jack, 2015-02-01, Houston, TX 			// greasy, guy
1, cosine similarity = 0.2382121274424003
Martha Z., 2009-01-04
We did piece to go and it was a great experience.  I've been uber critical of pizzas lately since companion and i have endeavored in making our own.  First of all the guys on the phone and behind the desk were super nice.  They apologized profusely because my pizza order was a few minutes late.  And for take out the pie held up nicely and was still piping hot by the time we got it home.  If you are looking for a nice slightly greasy pie this is good pick.  The ingredients are really tasty!

2, cosine similarity = 0.1888323662485593
Molly R., 2010-07-03
I've been craving Piece Pizza for weeks - ever since my roommate brought home leftovers and let me eat most of them - so we decided to make the trek to Bucktown and suffer through the long wait.Got there around 7:45 and were told there would be a 45 minute to an hour wait.  We decided to walk around the area a bit (plenty of people out and about) and checked in to pester the hostess every twenty minutes to ask if our table was ready.  A couple beers and an hour later, we were seated in a roomy booth.We ordered the goat cheese appetizer to start (loved it, but a little too much like pizza to eat before pizza) as well as a sample of each of their 7 house brews (only a dollar per sample).  I would highly recommend the samples - they have a lot of great beers and it was fun to taste beers that I would typically not order (their dark beers had great flavor but were not too bitter, which I liked).  Now to the pizza, we ordered a large red with a bunch of toppings (half artichoke hearts, garlic and mushroom/half sausage, mushroom and green pepper with goat cheese on everything).  It arrived fairly quickly and piping hot. It was, as expected, delicious.  I'm a crust girl, and theirs was thin with a perfect balance of chewy and crispiness.  I also liked that it wasn't overloaded with cheese, just enough to cover, and cut into slices not squares, as pizza should be.Bill was about $50 for beer samples, app, and pizza - well worth it considering we have about a dozen slices leftover to enjoy!They should open a second location - would cut down on the wait and let everyone enjoy this amazing pizza.

3, cosine similarity = 0.18130740995936856
Clare T., 2009-04-14
I'm sure I'm not going to say anything here that hasn't already been said.  So, Piece in three words:Awesome pizza, beer.You should go sometime.


QUERY: Tom, 2015-02-01, Houston, TX 			// butternut squash, belly
1, cosine similarity = 0.23658364020205017
Annie D., 2011-10-17
Oh, yum. I had a wonderful meal here last week. My boyfriend and I arrived at old-people time so we didn't have to wait for a seat, which was delightful. We started off with the pickles and marbled rye appetizer, which was a perfect little nibble. We also shared the pumpkin ravioli with browned butter, walnuts and huckleberries. This was exactly as tasty as it sounds and I wanted it to be my entree. However, because I have the appetite of three grown men, I also ordered the butternut squash risotto entree, which could have been a hair warmer but was rich and creamy deliciousness. The boyfriend was craving a burger and fries and was not disappointed.Finally, not satisfied with the amount of harm already perpetrated upon my body, I decided that we needed to share the crazy cheese doughnut dessert. It's just ridiculous and heavenly and wrong but very, very right. If you're into the sweet-savory thing, don't skip it.

2, cosine similarity = 0.21879627446927416
Tina W., 2008-12-20
The potee was awesome! I'm still craving it 2 weeks later! It included pork tenderloin, pork belly and pork sausage. We also got a butternut squash 'ravioli' that was good and a seafood stew which was okay but not great. Service was okay but a little spotty.

3, cosine similarity = 0.21830710895777253
Ashley K., 2011-11-02
I've been waiting for some time to finally make the trek over to L&E and yesterday was finally the day.  I had been hoping that by going not super late (7pm) on a Tuesday that we'd be able to avoid a super long wait.  Wrong.  Wah-wah.  It was about a 1.5 hour wait, though a wait that was well worth it.  We hunkered down for the long wait with some libations and bar snacks.  I had the Harvest sidecar, which I thought was delicious and went down like water.  My dining companions all started with the Cabin Swill, which was also delicious (we like to share).  After downing my sidecar, I decided to embrace Thirsty Tuesday (not the same ring as a Thirsty Thursday) and get another.  We still had a good 45 minutes to wait afterall.  The second drink I had was a surprise from the bartender.  I can't remember what it was called but it was something with gin and looked greenish, even though the bartender swore it was purple.  Either way, a surprising success for someone who isn't the biggest fan of gin.  The bar noshes - pretzel with Welsh rarebit and olives, were a solid beginning to the night.  The olives were surprisingly unsalty (in a good way) and the Welsh rarebit surprisingly contained no rabbit (bad joke).  I love a good pretzel with cheese sauce and this was a substantial improvement over the normal ballpark fare.  Once we were seated, we started with three appetizers: the Ipswich clam belly sandwich, the pumpkin angolotti, and the meatballs.  While I generally don't care for savory things involving squash/pumpkin, the agnolotti were actually quite tasty.  I didn't get much of the foie gras that was supposed to be shaved on top but overall quite good.  The meatballs and the clam belly sandwich were both awesome.  The meatballs were tiny but packed a huge punch of flavor and the polenta/sauce/fonduta/pesto combo was a perfect compliment.  I love that places around here are starting to put Ipswich clam bellies on the menu more and these were worth it.  The celery root remoulade was delicious.  I had been eying the wild boar sloppy joe during my standard pre-meal online menu review and had a hard time looking at any other entree.  I was not sorry I ordered it - the portion was huge, especially compared to the rest of the entree portions.  The beef fat fries were awesome and perfectly crispy.   The sloppy joe was a way better version than what my mom used to make.  It wasn't too sweet, which can be a problem with sloppy joes (for me anyway) and I thought the sage and jalapeno really elevated the dish to a new level.  I sampled my friends' pork belly, which was awesome.  I wanted to order the dish myself but based on my aforementioned dislike of savory squash dishes (this came with butternut squash risotto), I had to turn it down.  I didn't really taste the accoutrements that came with the pork belly, but the belly itself was ridiculously good.  We shared two desserts: the chocolate pave and the cornbread bread pudding.  While both were good (especially the caramel pudding on the pave), they weren't quite as good as the savory dishes, so next time, I think I'll order one more small plate and forgo dessert.


QUERY: Jack, 2015-02-01, Houston, TX 					// NUM, tacos
1, cosine similarity = 0.2443273836378614
Jacob K., 2011-08-05
I went here at the insistence of a friend to find out what i assumed: so-so food that was over priced and over hyped.  There was a line but there is a pick up window where you can get your food fast at a take out window.  Tacos are $3 a piece as is the horchada (rice water).  I was hungry so I ordered 3 tacos (2 fish and 1 pork shoulder with pineapple)My order was ready and as its from the pick up window your option is a communal park bench outside.  Holy crap the tacos were the size of dollar pancakes... I didn't know they made tortillas that small... about 2 bites to a taco.  The fish tacos were nothing special.  The pork shoulder with pineapple was good but dry.  The hot sauces (1 red and one green were good).  I wanted guacamole and chips but at $8 I don't think so.  Shouldn't someone at least bring it to my table for a $20 dinner...?The worst part was the horchada which was not smooth and left a bad taste with a sandy consistency which ruined the whole meal.  My friend asked for water... sorry no tap.. you can buy bottled water at $2.  I'm pretty sure its not legal to not offer water.After eating we went into the "bar" area which was quite obviously an old garage/auto body shop with all its ambiance... it looked like they plopped a bar in the middle of it and did nothing else. The place was crowded so perhaps the hipster of bucktown have no real Mexican food... poor them but I won't return.  If you have to try this place get a pork shoulder taco or two and take it home... if you want a meat market you are looking at some sad pickings.....

2, cosine similarity = 0.2380458075112693
Kristen L., 2010-01-31
The old Pontiac has been transformed by the owners of Violet Hour and more...I like it, tacos are a bit high on price but they are good.  Plus there are 3 dollar mexican beers everyday, so that's definitely something.Overall a cool place.

3, cosine similarity = 0.22830915185908982
Mike D., 2011-06-09
short and sweet - doormen - 0 stars - hipster assholes that think they're running a vegas club....host(ess) - 2 stars - rarely can tell you how long the wait will be, and very bad a sniffing out vacated tables to get them turnedbartenders - 2.5 stars - a litle smug for my taste, but they are busyservers - 3 stars - generally friendly, but sometimes not very attentivefood - 5 stars - the food and patio are the only thing that make this place worth coming to...Avg. - 2 stars1 suggestion - they need to rid themselves of the phone call back for table reservations.... it takes way too long for people to show up, way too long for the employees to turn the tables, and generally pisses people off when tables are sitting vacant for 20+ minutes while 50 people are staring at it.I think they need to get a deli-style ticket counter that shows a "now serving #...." and post it up on the wall inside (maybe another small one outside).  It will be much more efficient and help those waiting know how fast/slow their table may be coming.  eliminates the wait time for missed phone calls and keeps things moving faster...I'm about done with the bar area, from now on, it will be take out or not at all...that's my .02



QUERY: Jack, 2015-02-01, Houston, TX
1, cosine similarity = 0.21023789545214458
Swarup B., 2009-09-17
best.dining.experience.ever.the service was excellent save for a few missteps and one server who was quite stonefaced.  also, all of us got the tour except for my wife who got the veggie tour and it was excellent too!  we couldn't have asked for a better evening!  perfection!here's the course by course break down:osetra, traditional garnishes -very much like thomas keller's oysters and pearls but a modern twist (and no oysters).  very light w/ perfect caviar.pork belly, iceberg, cucumber, thai distillation -their play on thai food and it was unreal. pork belly was excellent but what stole the show was the shot of a liquified thai chilies which smelled like it was spicy but had the pure flavor of the chilies w/out the heat.oxalis, juniper, gin, sugar -a gelee dish. it had a bitter flavor which worked well with the flavors of the berries, gin and sugar.lilac, scallop, shellfish, honeydew -this was quite a dish! the base was a lilac "pillow" that had essence of lilac. the seafood was incredible and so perfectly cooked. the honeydew foam added a nice sweet accent.pigeonneau, a la saint-clair -chef achatz showed us that he's not all about new styles of cooking. this was a classically prepared dish and was fabulous. the squab, foie gras, and the onions were exquisite and we couldn't have asked for a more perfect crust.black truffle explosion, romaine, parmesan -one of his signatures and it didn't disappoint. it's just one bite but as soon as it enters the mouth, the insides of the ravioli come out and all you're left w/ is black truffles in all of its glory.tomato, fig, nicoise olive, pine nuts -basil leaves and tomato stems that provide the aromatic blanket for this course.  a whole salad re-thought! there are olives, black garlic, charred figs and olive oil snow! a great combo of flavors and a dehydrated pumpernickel crouton added some nice texture. the heirloom tomatoes were so good!mustard, passionfruit, allspicebacon, butterscotch, apple, thymesweet potato, bourbon, brown sugar, cinnamon -the mustard ice cream w/ allspice and passionfruit were presented as a disc and we were asked to let it melt in our mouth. it went from spicy to light to sweet. a very cool effect!  the bacon first and it wa perfection. sweet, salty w/ a herb twist w/ the thyme. the sweet potato was basically pie on a stick and perfect way to end the trio. sweet, creamy and w/ a nice bite.hot potato, cold potato, black truffle, butter -another signature of his. we had to pick up the bowl and pull the pin on the side so that the hot contents of the pin would drop in the cold soup and eat right away. the contrast of the temperatures and textures added to an already incredible flavorful dish!yuba, shrimp, miso, togarashi -the yuba (skin of tofu) was hardened and fried to give it a crispy texture. the shrimp was delicious and had the miso dip was outstanding!foie gras, peach, fennel, shiso -the foie gras and fennel which needed to be eaten right away and then the peach juice in the cup needed to be drunk right away. the savory and sweet is the mix here and it tasted nice!uni, aloe, yuzu, chili -this dish made its debut on the menu that night and we were asked by a lot of the wait staff on how we liked it. while uni isn't my thing, this was void of any weird fishy flavor or a weird texture. the flavor worked well w/ the yuzu and aloe but it was inconsistent from bite to bite.wagyu beef, powdered a-1, potato chips -wow! i've never had beef this good. the potato "chips" was like a cube of all that is good w/ potatoes. the powdered A-1 was a deconstructed version of A-1 steak sauce and was a nice addition as was the salt and pepper on the side but the beef really stood on its own.lemon soda, one bite -once in your mouth, this almost becomes a bite of lemon meringue. great and playful!transparency of raspberry, yogurtbubble gum, long pepper, hibiscus, creme fraichewatermelon, lime, nasturtium -this was a thin paper of raspberry which was a fun fruit roll up type thing and a "cigarette" of bubble gum w/ creme fraiche that needed to be sucked from the one side and a ball of watermelon w/ lime. just a fun course!rhubarb, goat milk, onion, lavender air -a pillow filled w/ lavender air was placed in front of us and the dish was placed on top.  the pillow slowly lost it's air as the plate sat and gave off this wonderful lavender aroma. The bites on the plate had a lil bit of cotton candy to drops of sweet onion. nice dish.chocolate, blueberry, tobacco, maple -the highlight of the evening. A silicone mat was placed on our table top and chef achatz prepped this on our table and every component was insanely good.  here's a video of this course: bit.ly/vWIQSpound cake, strawberry, lemon, vanilla bean -a dense pound cake w/ strawberry in it and a lemon snow around it. the vanilla bean is used as a fork and adds a nice background flavor. lovely!

1, cosine similarity = 0.20981174093541033
Gloria H., 2007-07-11
Had dinner there but probably should have tried the one across the street and enjoyed a nice dinner.  It was just too packed to be enjoyable and feels like a wanna be place...We tried the grappa cured salmon w/ sweet & sour cucumbers.  The salmon was ok, it was thick small pieces...but the sweet & sour cucumbers were very good and refreshing.  For dinner, we had the Prosciutto d'Anitra pizza and the linguine w/ clam in white sauce.  The pizza was ok at best but the pasta was good, al dente.

2, cosine similarity = 0.204802325106701
David K., 2011-09-29
It's going to be long.  Must be brief to fit the experience in 5001 characters.Alinea is a special occasion kinda place.  Before you can dine here you must get a reservation here.  The trick is they open up reservations two months in advance so if you want to eat in March you better call Jan 1 to snag that spot up (especially if it's a weekend).  You've got your reservations? Great!It's located in a building that's pretty nondescript.  During the day my friend described it as..."shady looking."  In the evening there will be a tiny sign for Valet Service ($11).  Unless you're lucky and there's a spot open, why not just Valet (You're already splurging on this epic meal.)  Oh yea...formal jackets required...don't be a bum!The interior looks like an upscale office.  Tell them your name and reservation time and off you go to your seats!  They'll take your valet card so they can prep your car when your meal is ending or call you a cab if that's the route you went.  Service!  They only do wines so don't expect cocktails.  Wine pairings ranged from 160 to 250.  Ok Food!  Warning that there will be some spoilers!Steelhead Roe sitting on a bed of watermelon mousse, wrapped in watermelon flesh and finished off with watermelon consume poured in with an edible flower.  Wonderful starter that was mostly sweet, but light elements of savory.Hamachi bite that had pineapple salt, ginger, west indie spices, and kaffir lime with Vanilla Bean Stick for holder.  Complex flavors here.  It was sweet, but also sour from the kaffir, then salty and rich from the hamachi.  Another good opening to get your tastebuds going.At this point they brought out what looked like fruit rollups and set them down and told us we'd deal with them later...intrigue!The next dish was a quad that we were supposed to eat in a specific order.  The presentation was these 4 shellfish sitting on kelp sitting on this driftwood.Oyster Leaf topped with a mignonette.  Leaves that taste like oysters!Taylor Bay Scallop with old bay oil and a white ale foam.  One of the highlight bites of the night.  The scallop was juicy and firm and had an overall richness of flavor.Top Neck Clam with an xo sauce and carrot and ginger tapiocas.  This reminded me of Asian cuisine with the xo sauce and the salty flavors.Mussel with saffron, chorizo, and orange.  The mussel was sitting in the shell and the other flavors were these cubes that sat on top of it so as you chewed the flavors got intense based on which cube you were hitting.Yuba (tofu skin) with shrimp and a miso mayo dip.  They dried it, rolled it up, and deep fried it to create a stick then wrapped a shrimp around it and placed it in a holder that had a well of miso mayo dipping sauce.  Chip and dip!Mackerel bite with juniper, radish flower, and mango.  We were just to chomp down and slide the bite off the wire.  Great layers to the flavors.  Salty richness from the mackeral moving down to the sweet mango.Wild Mushrooms dish.  A mixture of wild mushrooms with sumac, pine, and ramps.  The mushrooms individually had great earthy flavors, but it didn't come together as a whole for me.Hot Potato, cold potato, black truffle, butter...one of the winners of the night.  Small wax bowl with a wire in it that has a potato sphere with a black truffle cap, a cube of butter, and a cube of something else.  You pull the wire out so everything falls in and then take the whole bite.  Wow, great bite.Lamb Loin with lamb jous reduction and béarnaise along with mini potato spheres.  There were 2 small lamb loin medallions topped with a slice of artichoke heart and 2 small asparagus tips.  This sat on a crunchy, flaky disc.  On the center and sides were the jous and sauce to dip in.Short Rib, olive, fermented garlic, fresh blackberry, smoked salt, white wine radish, tobacco agar...this is where those flags come in play.  Make your own wrap with all this stuff.  Also you get to make the holder for the tomato pasta and the engineer in me got happy.Black Truffle explosion.  Winner!  Single bit of ravioli with liquid truffle inside...that is allOctopus with eggplant mousse and soup.  Also great, the mousse was awesome.Yuzu Snow.  Palette cleanser.  Sprayed yuzu mist over a super cold dish to create snow.  You scrape to create a granita.  Refreshing.Peach, jasmine, basil, balsamic, mozzarella cubes.  Think caprese salad.  Basil cubes and mozzarella ice cream were win.Lemongrass juice, dragonfruit, and herbs.  A tube where you sucked down this refreshing liquid.Chocolate mousse, red pepper, bitter orange, banana rum brulee, and rum cake.  The chefs came out to create this art on the table for us.  The mousse was frozen in liquid nitro.  Lots of fun to watch and eat!Servers were warm, funny, joked with us.  It was awesome.  They told us we were sitting at Zac Efron's table but were more fun.  Our sommelier was passionate, knowledgeable, and talked like a motorboat.  Running out of chars.  So TRY IT!



QUERY: Patricia S., 2014-06-18, Houston, TX  			// cool atmosphere & peach cobbler
1, cosine similarity = 0.4704866734114642
Austin G., 2013-05-28
Nice space and cool atmosphere. The pizza is good, but nothing to brag to your friends about.

1, cosine similarity = 0.4528890977944383
Senna H., 2007-09-02
YUMMY! theres no other way to put it.  cool atmosphere.

1, cosine similarity = 0.43373286605577305
Erica I., 2011-12-03
The mac and cheese and peach cobbler were the BEST!  I'd go back just for those.