loaded controlled dictionary
loading test C:\Users\redwa_000\Downloads\Max\0 UVa\Text Mining\Machine Problem 1\yelp\test\3OLZOlqgOXdqY0uwxcOTfw.json
loading test C:\Users\redwa_000\Downloads\Max\0 UVa\Text Mining\Machine Problem 1\yelp\test\3VCZ21-DIw7voVexDMXDSA.json
QUERY: Jack, 2015-02-01, Houston, TX
1, cosine similarity = 0.17845593322108994
Tiffany W., 2013-11-20
Neptune is a cute little restaurant located in North End, but just like I found several other places in the area, it was small and crowded. At 3pm on a Monday, my boyfriend and I dropped in and were seated within the first few minutes of standing around. Although, that was after we were asked to get up from the empty seats at the bar just to be re-seated there a minute later. So note to self: don't sit down anywhere unless the hostess or bartender allows you sit in that area. But in the end, the service was great and our bartender/waitress was awesome. I had a field day at the raw bar and tried almost everything on their list. My favorites were:* Kumamoto - small oyster but don't underestimate how delicious these are. They're extremely plumped and super sweet, with a creaminess that just melts in your mouth. It's description says that the Kumamoto gives a honeydew melon finish and it does not disappoint. Hands down my favorite of the bunch.* Kusshi - another oyster not to underestimate or overlook due to its size. The cucumber finish was immediate, and the description of "low salt and sweet" was defined correctly. * Shrimp Cocktail - this was huge! It filled me up 100%. I didn't think the shrimp was as tender as others that I've had but it was SO HUGE, I am not holding anything against it.* Jonah Crab Claws - MUST HAVE. I can't even put in words how delicious the claw was... it was just that wonderful!!I say skip the clams. Not worth it, and the littleneck clams taste so much better in a clam chowder, but not by itself. And speaking of chowder, pass here. I'm a fan of traditional chowder (you know... thick and chowder-y), but Neptune's Clam Chowder was like clam potato soup. It was extremely oily and had way too much potatoes and not enough clams. The taste was good but I don't think it was worth the $11. That money would've been better spent ordering more Kumamoto oysters.

2, cosine similarity = 0.16571708230166038
Fred F., 2012-06-06
!!!!!  WARNING  !!!!!If you do not get to the restaurant by 7:00 pm, you may not get seated - that's how busy this place is.  I am not joking, I watched them turn away more than a dozen dining parties because they were booked for the night.  They do not take reservations, either.Now that that's out of the way, let's talk food.I was in Boston this week for a convention and decided I wanted lobster.  Friends from home suggested I go to "Legal Seafood", but after asking some locals their opinion, the consensus was that Neptune Oyster was the place to go.So I checked Yelp and the reviews said I had to try the lobster roll.  Now that I had a plan, it was tune to set out and get my dinner.  Fortunately my hotel is only a 15 minute walk through a very nice section of town to the "Little Italy" area where Neptune is located.I arrived at 7:10 and put my name on the list.  I was told that there would be "at least an hour wait, maybe longer".  They took my name and cell number and said they would call me when my seat was available.  The restaurant is small, maybe 10 tables and the bar seats maybe another 15 people.  This explains why the wait is so long.While I waited, I walked around Little Italy.  What a nice, charming area!  I haven't been around a nice community like this in a long time.  Lots of other restaurants, bars, and shops to check out - I wish I was going to be here longer...Anyway, I was called at 8:15 and was told my seat was ready.  I sat down at the counter in the 1st seat by the door.  I had a great view of the oyster bar and the street, so dinner and a show!The waitress was quick to bring me some water and a menu, but I already knew what I was going to have....clam chowdah and a lobstah roll!  I placed my order and waited anxiously.  I didn't have to wait long and my chowdah arrived.  This was some very good clam chowder with BIG chunks of clam and potatos, and some very small diced celery bits.  This chowder was thin (think mikly, not the thick creamy stuff that comes out of a can).  The waitress even asked me if I wanted fresh ground pepper in it (yes, please!).As I was finishing my soup, the lobster roll arrived.  No before we get to the lobster roll, I need to talk about the fries that came with the dish.  Normally I'm very 'meh' on fries - they're always soggy, or greasy, or blah.  THESE WERE THE BEST FRIES I'VE HAD IN AGES!!!  Hot, crispy (but not greasy), and they had a nice TASTE to them - not that typical 'meh' taste that requires a ton of salt and/or ketchup.Now for the lobster roll, and we'll start with the 'roll' part.  Again, rolls to me are usually kinda stale, tasteless, and usually the worst part of a sandwich.  This roll is baked fresh at a local baker about 4 blocks away (I think that's where she said it was).  It was incredibly fresh, SOFT, buttery, and delicious!  It was about 7-8" long, and STUFFED with lobster.I opted for the hot lobster and butter combo (versus the cold lobster with mayo).  The lobster is Maine lobster, and there are HUGE chunks of tail meat and claw meat in there.  This brings us a good point - this is a messy eat.  If you're wearing a suit or dress shirt - roll up the sleeves or you'll get lobster meat and butter all over them.All I can say is this was fastastic!  The lobster was fresh, the bread was fresh, and the fries were crispy!  If I ever make it back this way, I will probably try the Crab Coctail instead of the chowder, but I'm definately having the lobster roll again!Now go forth and have the best lobster roll you'll ever eat - you'll thank me later.Oh, and don't forget to go early!

3, cosine similarity = 0.16051691080217642
Anna L., 2012-07-16
love love love the oysters here!i loved the selection of oysters along with the little descriptions of where they are from, their size and flavor. we ordered 6 different oysters, all very fresh and delicious, clam chowder, and of course the maine lobster roll that everyone talks about. i have nothing more to say about the oysters. they were fresh and plump. period. The clam chowder was surprisingly light for a cream based soup. There were plenty of clams and not alot of fillers like potatoes and veggies. Also, it wasnt thick and starchy like the ones ive had before. it had a nice clammy, lightly creamy, delicious flavor. We ordered the lobster roll hot and buttered. They were huge chunks of lobster on a hot buttered roll with a side of fries. each lobster piece was succulent, chewy, and flavorful.the lobster roll did get a bit heavy towards the end and we were getting pretty full, but no doubt, it was DEEEEElicious!



QUERY: Tom, 2015-02-01, Houston, TX
1, cosine similarity = 0.18532899318399457
Gabi F., 2013-01-05
Loved their hot lobster rolls in butter. One of the best I ever had. Service was ok, food took a while to come out and waitress forgot to put in for our appetizer. The place is very small and they don't take reservations so it's probably better to come for an early dinner. Definitely will come back for another lobster roll next time I'm in Boston.

2, cosine similarity = 0.17687697394167176
Kat F., 2009-04-19
I'm adding Neptune to my list of favourite dining experiences of all time. Everything about the meal was perfect, from the moment we arrived and took our seats at the bar to the moment we left. Bear in mind that this review comes from the most unlikely of Neptune patrons - a VEGETARIAN. An actual vegetarian that doesn't eat seafood (don't get me started on people who profess to be vegetarians "but also eat fish"...). I thought I would be at a disadvantage in an oyster oasis like this, but it turns out I was in for the meal of a lifetime under the fine care of owner Jeff, who is a total sweetheart and a hotter version of CSI's Gil Grissom. It's true.We arrived at around 10pm on a Saturday night and the place was filled with diners. We started off with a few glasses of Albarinho and worked our way down the menu. Jeff, who I didn't even realize was the owner until I overheard someone asking him how long the place had been open, was incredibly humble and charming. I could not believe that the owner of a restaurant like this was behind the bar taking orders and serving us like a regular joe. After I told him I was vegetarian he asked me what I liked on the menu and then offered to make me a combo plate of the things I had picked, making a few suggestions along the way. At no point did I feel like I was going to have a meal that was any less awesome because it didn't have seafood in it - I had full trust that the food was going to be amazing and I was completely right.My plate (bowl, actually) arrived and was heaving with goodness - each item was perched on top of the next in a lovely display of coloured foods. There was the crispy gnocchi, which were boiled and then pan-fried like pierogies to give them a crunchy exterior, the green garlic broth kale with fresh peas, butternut squash puree & braised bok choy, apple slaw and avocado & grapefruit salad. Every last bite was incredibly yummy and unique in flavour and texture. I also loved the decor at Neptune - it was in a really nice part of the city that felt very European and cozy, and dark with soft lighting and a sort of sexy, jazzy feel to it. This goes down as one of the best vegetarian meals I've ever had at a predominantly meat-centric restaurant!

3, cosine similarity = 0.1703219010534131
Sunny L., 2013-12-09
Upon entering NO in a seemingly chilly night without reservations, we were seated within a few minutes; We were ecstatic!. With a empty stomach begging for delicious food, we order several items from the menu: Hot lobster roll, Island creek oysters, cioppino, and clam chowder. While waiting for our food, we absorb ourselves in this restaurant by observing the interesting decor and details that were imprinted decades ago to this place. The patrons were friendly, the temperature was just right, and the service, Superb. As the food came out, a story unfolded to my palettes that hinted a great spark of satisfaction to my taste receptors. 4/5 - The lobster roll [HOt] was very good. It was complimented with a side fries which was good :)5/5 - The island creek oysters were delicious. Delicate and semi savory with a hint of sweet5/5 - The cioppino was yummy. It was filled with intricate flavors and textures.2/5 - The clam chowder was alright; i could skip the chowder. I felt it was lackingOverall, NO is a place to hit up when you want something that consistent please the hungriest of food mobs. Definitely recommended!Pros: Service, Staff, foodCons: Clam Chowder, Reservations because this place is small, tight seating...Stars : 4.5



QUERY: Jack, 2015-02-01, Houston, TX
1, cosine similarity = 0.2443273836378614
Jacob K., 2011-08-05
I went here at the insistence of a friend to find out what i assumed: so-so food that was over priced and over hyped.  There was a line but there is a pick up window where you can get your food fast at a take out window.  Tacos are $3 a piece as is the horchada (rice water).  I was hungry so I ordered 3 tacos (2 fish and 1 pork shoulder with pineapple)My order was ready and as its from the pick up window your option is a communal park bench outside.  Holy crap the tacos were the size of dollar pancakes... I didn't know they made tortillas that small... about 2 bites to a taco.  The fish tacos were nothing special.  The pork shoulder with pineapple was good but dry.  The hot sauces (1 red and one green were good).  I wanted guacamole and chips but at $8 I don't think so.  Shouldn't someone at least bring it to my table for a $20 dinner...?The worst part was the horchada which was not smooth and left a bad taste with a sandy consistency which ruined the whole meal.  My friend asked for water... sorry no tap.. you can buy bottled water at $2.  I'm pretty sure its not legal to not offer water.After eating we went into the "bar" area which was quite obviously an old garage/auto body shop with all its ambiance... it looked like they plopped a bar in the middle of it and did nothing else. The place was crowded so perhaps the hipster of bucktown have no real Mexican food... poor them but I won't return.  If you have to try this place get a pork shoulder taco or two and take it home... if you want a meat market you are looking at some sad pickings.....

2, cosine similarity = 0.2380458075112693
Kristen L., 2010-01-31
The old Pontiac has been transformed by the owners of Violet Hour and more...I like it, tacos are a bit high on price but they are good.  Plus there are 3 dollar mexican beers everyday, so that's definitely something.Overall a cool place.

3, cosine similarity = 0.22830915185908982
Mike D., 2011-06-09
short and sweet - doormen - 0 stars - hipster assholes that think they're running a vegas club....host(ess) - 2 stars - rarely can tell you how long the wait will be, and very bad a sniffing out vacated tables to get them turnedbartenders - 2.5 stars - a litle smug for my taste, but they are busyservers - 3 stars - generally friendly, but sometimes not very attentivefood - 5 stars - the food and patio are the only thing that make this place worth coming to...Avg. - 2 stars1 suggestion - they need to rid themselves of the phone call back for table reservations.... it takes way too long for people to show up, way too long for the employees to turn the tables, and generally pisses people off when tables are sitting vacant for 20+ minutes while 50 people are staring at it.I think they need to get a deli-style ticket counter that shows a "now serving #...." and post it up on the wall inside (maybe another small one outside).  It will be much more efficient and help those waiting know how fast/slow their table may be coming.  eliminates the wait time for missed phone calls and keeps things moving faster...I'm about done with the bar area, from now on, it will be take out or not at all...that's my .02



QUERY: Jack, 2015-02-01, Houston, TX
1, cosine similarity = 0.17257115821470495
Michelle T., 2009-12-01
There really isn't that much more to say than has already been said. But seriously the goods:Lobster roll with hot butter $25 (about 2-3 lbs of lobster meat in a hot buttery roll and comes with fries)Kumomoto Oysters: small delicious and only $2.90 (other places charged up to $4 a popVeal and Tuna Tartare Sandwich $19: sounds unconventional but the flavors worked together to create a harmonious surf and turf sandwich. suprisingly refreshing. comes with fries.Mussels with apples and foie: $14 (SERIOUSLY, right??) Steamed mussels with apples, herbs, and foie melted on the top to create a rich and sinfully delectable broth.Grilled Octopus "Fra Diavlo" Fra diavlo is a spicy red sauce. the grilled baby octopus was perfectly cooked, not too chewy, and you could still taste the ocotpus over a bed of soft polenta and the fra divalo sauce $14Artic Char Crudo: seemingly unusual combination, but worked perfect all together. Came with pickled beets over creme fraiche and sprinkled with pastrami seasonings. yum! $11Sea Urchin: they open and serve the sea urchin in the shell. Probably the freshest sea urchin and tastiest too! $5Add a few pints of Harpoon IPA.This place rocks. done and done.

2, cosine similarity = 0.16818487281367517
Christine C., 2011-05-01
VERY busy place! The restaurant is beautiful and the outside and in, which is why on a Monday lunch there was still a line. We, a party of 3, order the clam chowder, yellowfin tuna tartare, lobster roll, and vitello tonnato.The clam chowder was not as thick as I thought it would be, so I was very happy because it was my first meal of the day. The yellowfin tuna tartare was spiced excellent as well, a must if you enjoy tartare. The main entrees came with salty fries, too salty, but we just took the salt off and we were okay. Some people exchange it for salads as well. The vitello tonnato was a bit too spicy (mustard) for our taste, but the taste was good. The LOBSTER ROLL, however, was really delicious! It was huge! I shared it with a friend and we were really full afterwards. Big chunks of lobster just spills out of the sweet bun - an excellent choice if you love lobster rolls!

3, cosine similarity = 0.16517195600559686
Chris S., 2011-02-26
I had lunch here with a colleague.  We both sat at the bar and ordered the Vitello Tonnato sandwich, which was tuna tartare, roasted veal, cucumber salad, and spicy mustard...probably one of the top five sandwiches I have ever eaten in my life.  It was pricey, but well worth it.  When I feel as though I need to splurge on a lunch again, this will be my choice.



QUERY: Patricia S., 2014-06-18, Houston, TX
1, cosine similarity = 0.28641370034873176
Jasmine D., 2010-04-20
Rating for food and drink, not so much the atmosphere (went on a Saturday night - what was I thinking?). Next time I'll just do the walk-up window or go on a weeknight.

2, cosine similarity = 0.23433538614411306
Hungry M., 2010-10-18
If you're in Boston and have time to go to only one place for dinner, this should be the place. Other then the wait (it's tiny), there is nothing I don't love about this place. Super cool atmosphere, excellent service and awesome food. Here's a tip: put your name down and go next door to Ernesto's pizza and have a slice as an appetizer. Fantastic pizza, and according to all the accolades on the wall, best pizza in Boston.

3, cosine similarity = 0.2315526879889406
Kelly G., 2011-11-27
Cool atmosphere. Good cocktails. Guacamole is salty and way too much lemon. The queso is good. The fish tacos are good. Bring lots of cash.



