loaded controlled dictionary
loading test C:\Users\redwa_000\Downloads\Max\0 UVa\Text Mining\Machine Problem 1\yelp\test\rzHGofdCbaskvo2SzC6Vpg.json
loading test C:\Users\redwa_000\Downloads\Max\0 UVa\Text Mining\Machine Problem 1\yelp\test\sWXT0sNodEnxZjziB3saZQ.json
QUERY: Jack, 2015-02-01, Houston, TX
1, cosine similarity = 0.16984753793810478
Wen T., 2013-05-28
Decent experience. This place is huge and really loud so I wouldn't come here for a romantic quiet evening. It would be good for large birthday dinners, etc. We saw a couple bachelorette parties when we went on Saturday night. They cram the tables pretty tightly. Food was pretty good. Everything is designed to share so it comes out when it's ready. This is good because the food is piping hot when it arrives. As soon as we were seated, a plate of sliced bread was dropped on the table. It was cold and a bit dry. It had clearly been sliced awhile ago and was sitting around waiting for the next table. Disappointing first impression. If you read any of my reviews, you know that I like my bread to be warmed and I think poorly of restaurants that don't make that effort, since it is so easy to do.We started with the fried calamari. It was hot and crispy. I liked that it wasn't greasy and the breading didn't come off. My only complaint was how stingy they were with the marinara dipping sauce. It was a tiny amount compared to the amount of calamari. At least it was warm. Second course was linguine with white wine clam sauce. The noodles were perfectly al dente. The clams were plentiful. The sauce was well seasoned. This was our favorite dish of the night. Our last course was the braised pork shank. Our server told us it was braised for nine hours. It fell off the bone and was super tender. It came on a bed of mashed potatoes. This dish would've been better if it was better seasoned, and if there were more potatoes and sauce on the plate. I'm always surprised when restaurants are skimpy on cheap ingredients such as potatoes and grits and rice. Our server was friendly. He was training a newbie and we got the impression he was showing off for her. He kept saying how jealous he was of our meal, something he probably says to all of his tables. Given how many Italian options there are, I probably wouldn't return here.

2, cosine similarity = 0.16911747339611716
Lisa V., 2010-07-19
This is probably one of the best tapas bar I've ever been to!!! We had a group of 5 and decided to check this place out because of all of the wonderful feedback that you guys posted and I'm so glad that we did!! Don't be fooled by the appearance when you first walk in because this place can definitely pack A LOT of people! We arrived at this place around 7ish on Wednesday night for dinner and waited about 20 minutes for a table. They were really busy and we were literally drooling when we saw the amazing food on everyone's table. They have 2 bars (upstairs/downstairs) and an extensive wine list at reasonable prices. The decor is really cute and we felt very cozy. Our table was near the back corner so we felt very snug in our group even though the place was very loud! For Food Dishes, we ordered the following items: 1. Grilled baby octopus - I thought the dish was good if you like octopus. I'm not a super big fan of octopus, but it was flavorful and the veggies gave it a nice touch. 2. Steamed Clams - Very good! Highly recommended if you like clams. They give you a pretty large portion and the broth that they steam it with is very flavorful and delicious!! 3. Quattro Stagion - Vegetable Pizza - The pizza was thin crust and a lot bigger than what I would expect for a tapas joint. I thought it was OK, but I was actually really stuffed so I only had about 1/2 a slice. It sounds a lot more tasty on the menu then what we actually got. 4. Penne alla vodka with sausage - Delicious Delicious dish! I'm so glad that we added the sausage which gave this pasta a really good flavor. Be warned that there were some parts of the dish that had more concentration of vodka, but it was soooo good! I highly recommend this one too! 5. Pappardelle con Cavolfiori - Mehhhh... nobody in our group really liked this dish. The noodles are very large and thick and the sauce base had a thick consistency. They only gave a little bit of walnuts and apples and at the end of the night, the waiter saw that we barely touched the dish. When we confessed that we didn't really like it, he ended up taking it off the bill! Isn't that awesome?!! :) 6. Mushroom Risotto - Love this dish!! It's really creamy and the rice is not too mushy. Lots of mushrooms in here and just really addicting! I think I could finish off the whole plate myself :X 7. Caprese - I thought the cheese was really milky for my taste buds. I mean, I love cheese, but I didn't care too much for this one. Also, I thought they were a little skimpy on the vinaigrette. I probably wouldn't get this again. 8. Crispy Calamari - Pretty darn good calamari. Very crispy and flavorful as well! I didn't even need to add sauce!! Yum.... Wines: 1. Pinot Grigio - Pinot is pinot. Good wine :) 2. Rosso - I'm not big on red wine, but this one was light and went well with our food and super cheap! Dessert 1. Coppa al banana - Generous portions of vanilla ice cream with biscotti and caramelized banana. The biscotti was a little bit chewy and not what you would normally expect, however I really liked and it was a great treat to end our dinner! Overall I loved 4 out of the 8 dishes that we got and the dessert was kick ass! I wish I lived in Chicago so that I could try the other stuff out... but I'm sure I'll be in the windy city again! Can't wait!!

3, cosine similarity = 0.15579958232644597
Wanda P., 2009-07-05
Our waitress was super nice. The quattro formaggio pizza was great and the wine was reasonably priced and decent. We are Italian, though, and were a little confused by the heaps of spinach and cabbage on our pizzas. Kind of ruined it for us. Too loud, too, like the other reviewers said.



QUERY: Tom, 2015-02-01, Houston, TX
1, cosine similarity = 0.23658364020205017
Annie D., 2011-10-17
Oh, yum. I had a wonderful meal here last week. My boyfriend and I arrived at old-people time so we didn't have to wait for a seat, which was delightful. We started off with the pickles and marbled rye appetizer, which was a perfect little nibble. We also shared the pumpkin ravioli with browned butter, walnuts and huckleberries. This was exactly as tasty as it sounds and I wanted it to be my entree. However, because I have the appetite of three grown men, I also ordered the butternut squash risotto entree, which could have been a hair warmer but was rich and creamy deliciousness. The boyfriend was craving a burger and fries and was not disappointed.Finally, not satisfied with the amount of harm already perpetrated upon my body, I decided that we needed to share the crazy cheese doughnut dessert. It's just ridiculous and heavenly and wrong but very, very right. If you're into the sweet-savory thing, don't skip it.

2, cosine similarity = 0.21830710895777253
Ashley K., 2011-11-02
I've been waiting for some time to finally make the trek over to L&E and yesterday was finally the day.  I had been hoping that by going not super late (7pm) on a Tuesday that we'd be able to avoid a super long wait.  Wrong.  Wah-wah.  It was about a 1.5 hour wait, though a wait that was well worth it.  We hunkered down for the long wait with some libations and bar snacks.  I had the Harvest sidecar, which I thought was delicious and went down like water.  My dining companions all started with the Cabin Swill, which was also delicious (we like to share).  After downing my sidecar, I decided to embrace Thirsty Tuesday (not the same ring as a Thirsty Thursday) and get another.  We still had a good 45 minutes to wait afterall.  The second drink I had was a surprise from the bartender.  I can't remember what it was called but it was something with gin and looked greenish, even though the bartender swore it was purple.  Either way, a surprising success for someone who isn't the biggest fan of gin.  The bar noshes - pretzel with Welsh rarebit and olives, were a solid beginning to the night.  The olives were surprisingly unsalty (in a good way) and the Welsh rarebit surprisingly contained no rabbit (bad joke).  I love a good pretzel with cheese sauce and this was a substantial improvement over the normal ballpark fare.  Once we were seated, we started with three appetizers: the Ipswich clam belly sandwich, the pumpkin angolotti, and the meatballs.  While I generally don't care for savory things involving squash/pumpkin, the agnolotti were actually quite tasty.  I didn't get much of the foie gras that was supposed to be shaved on top but overall quite good.  The meatballs and the clam belly sandwich were both awesome.  The meatballs were tiny but packed a huge punch of flavor and the polenta/sauce/fonduta/pesto combo was a perfect compliment.  I love that places around here are starting to put Ipswich clam bellies on the menu more and these were worth it.  The celery root remoulade was delicious.  I had been eying the wild boar sloppy joe during my standard pre-meal online menu review and had a hard time looking at any other entree.  I was not sorry I ordered it - the portion was huge, especially compared to the rest of the entree portions.  The beef fat fries were awesome and perfectly crispy.   The sloppy joe was a way better version than what my mom used to make.  It wasn't too sweet, which can be a problem with sloppy joes (for me anyway) and I thought the sage and jalapeno really elevated the dish to a new level.  I sampled my friends' pork belly, which was awesome.  I wanted to order the dish myself but based on my aforementioned dislike of savory squash dishes (this came with butternut squash risotto), I had to turn it down.  I didn't really taste the accoutrements that came with the pork belly, but the belly itself was ridiculously good.  We shared two desserts: the chocolate pave and the cornbread bread pudding.  While both were good (especially the caramel pudding on the pave), they weren't quite as good as the savory dishes, so next time, I think I'll order one more small plate and forgo dessert.

3, cosine similarity = 0.21822817998727864
AA L., 2014-02-16
Best chicken and waffles that we've tried!  Moist and served with pork belly and butternut squash.  My husband had duck confit hash and loved it.  We went for brunch and looking forward to coming back for dinner.  Also this place is kid friendly.



QUERY: Jack, 2015-02-01, Houston, TX
1, cosine similarity = 0.1592151718461956
Meg E., 2011-10-10
pretty damn good. the service was not up to my standards but honestly who cares if the food is as fantastic as this place. the risotto under the chicken was to die for and the ravioli steak and egg was creative and awesome. im pretty sure we had about 4 of the 5 desserts on the menu (fat) and they were all phenomenal as well. two thumbs up.oh also -- no reservations. we went at 6pm on a sunday and waited. so go with one other person or be prepared to wait for a bit.

2, cosine similarity = 0.14915531053555964
Veronica V., 2012-02-19
Went on a Sunday around 1pm. Told it was over an hour wait for a table for 6 so I gave my name and phone number. Was told they would call when my table was ready. Went down the street for a drink while we waited and didn't receive a call. After about an hour we walked back and was told they called and left a message on my voicemail. I didn't receive a call or voicemail so not sure who they called or if they even did. We then asked if we can get a table anyways and the response was "our kitchen is closing in 30 minutes"  so I guess that means no. Longman was a disappointment and I won't be back.

3, cosine similarity = 0.14444486419819835
Stephanie S., 2012-11-06
OK PEOPLE - please listen here. This will be a long post about how amazing this place is. Just hang in there - it's worth it.This place doesn't look like much from the outside and its down the freeway from the main downtown of Chicago. But my oh my is this place worth the drive. The bartenders are those really cool guys with beards that are pretty much born to be making amazing drinks. One of the best Manhattans I've ever had - you'd be surprised how many times people can mess up such a simple drink.THE FOOOOOOOD - yea so ok we had the Nantucket scallops and some lobster parfait for appetizers. Not sure what they did to them, but both were so good I wanted to like the plate. Then we got the trio of fois gras. They made a fois gras whoopie pie. Yes i just said that. Hello heaven in my mouth.For dinner I got the special - corn pop (as in the cereal) crusted tilapia with homemade chorizo, chantrelle mushrooms and little neck clams with a corn pop reduction of some sort. Now you wouldn't think that an overly spongy sweet cereal could create such an amazing dish right? Well you're wrong! It was insanely good - I ate every bite.Last but not least the dessert. By this point I was so full I thought I might die but I had to keep trucking on. I knew I needed to see what this damn place could do with some sugar. We had the hazelnut brioche bread pudding with tapioca and some sort of sauce with sassafras ice cream. MIND BLOWN. MIND OFFICIALLY BLOWN.Ok - if you aren't booking a plane ticket by now you have a problem. Go here - please just do yourself the favor. I know I'll be back every time I grace that city.



QUERY: Jack, 2015-02-01, Houston, TX
1, cosine similarity = 0.20981174093541033
Gloria H., 2007-07-11
Had dinner there but probably should have tried the one across the street and enjoyed a nice dinner.  It was just too packed to be enjoyable and feels like a wanna be place...We tried the grappa cured salmon w/ sweet & sour cucumbers.  The salmon was ok, it was thick small pieces...but the sweet & sour cucumbers were very good and refreshing.  For dinner, we had the Prosciutto d'Anitra pizza and the linguine w/ clam in white sauce.  The pizza was ok at best but the pasta was good, al dente.

2, cosine similarity = 0.16006847512992164
Lisa V., 2010-07-19
This is probably one of the best tapas bar I've ever been to!!! We had a group of 5 and decided to check this place out because of all of the wonderful feedback that you guys posted and I'm so glad that we did!! Don't be fooled by the appearance when you first walk in because this place can definitely pack A LOT of people! We arrived at this place around 7ish on Wednesday night for dinner and waited about 20 minutes for a table. They were really busy and we were literally drooling when we saw the amazing food on everyone's table. They have 2 bars (upstairs/downstairs) and an extensive wine list at reasonable prices. The decor is really cute and we felt very cozy. Our table was near the back corner so we felt very snug in our group even though the place was very loud! For Food Dishes, we ordered the following items: 1. Grilled baby octopus - I thought the dish was good if you like octopus. I'm not a super big fan of octopus, but it was flavorful and the veggies gave it a nice touch. 2. Steamed Clams - Very good! Highly recommended if you like clams. They give you a pretty large portion and the broth that they steam it with is very flavorful and delicious!! 3. Quattro Stagion - Vegetable Pizza - The pizza was thin crust and a lot bigger than what I would expect for a tapas joint. I thought it was OK, but I was actually really stuffed so I only had about 1/2 a slice. It sounds a lot more tasty on the menu then what we actually got. 4. Penne alla vodka with sausage - Delicious Delicious dish! I'm so glad that we added the sausage which gave this pasta a really good flavor. Be warned that there were some parts of the dish that had more concentration of vodka, but it was soooo good! I highly recommend this one too! 5. Pappardelle con Cavolfiori - Mehhhh... nobody in our group really liked this dish. The noodles are very large and thick and the sauce base had a thick consistency. They only gave a little bit of walnuts and apples and at the end of the night, the waiter saw that we barely touched the dish. When we confessed that we didn't really like it, he ended up taking it off the bill! Isn't that awesome?!! :) 6. Mushroom Risotto - Love this dish!! It's really creamy and the rice is not too mushy. Lots of mushrooms in here and just really addicting! I think I could finish off the whole plate myself :X 7. Caprese - I thought the cheese was really milky for my taste buds. I mean, I love cheese, but I didn't care too much for this one. Also, I thought they were a little skimpy on the vinaigrette. I probably wouldn't get this again. 8. Crispy Calamari - Pretty darn good calamari. Very crispy and flavorful as well! I didn't even need to add sauce!! Yum.... Wines: 1. Pinot Grigio - Pinot is pinot. Good wine :) 2. Rosso - I'm not big on red wine, but this one was light and went well with our food and super cheap! Dessert 1. Coppa al banana - Generous portions of vanilla ice cream with biscotti and caramelized banana. The biscotti was a little bit chewy and not what you would normally expect, however I really liked and it was a great treat to end our dinner! Overall I loved 4 out of the 8 dishes that we got and the dessert was kick ass! I wish I lived in Chicago so that I could try the other stuff out... but I'm sure I'll be in the windy city again! Can't wait!!

3, cosine similarity = 0.15977539196902818
Steph C., 2012-01-21
Michael K. and I flew into Chicago on one of the coldest nights of the winter.  We came in later than expected, and when Janice K. scooped us up from ORD, we headed straight to Longman & Eagle for an 11:00 dinner.  The place was busy, and we had to wait a few minutes for a table.  We had a nice chat with the hostess, and she was really pleasant.  We talked about dogs.The space was small and dim and dense with pubby atmosphere, with decor consisting mostly of dark wood furniture and an awesome bar that commanded most of the lighting.  Dinner was very casual, which was great for me, dressed as I was for an airplane followed by burning cold weather.  Service was great throughout the night.  I liked our waiter - he was attentive and helpful.  The only hitches were some delays at the bar, for which our waiter apologized each time.The $8 cocktails were impressive.  The Harvest Sidecar was excellent, refreshing and sweet, with applejack, Cointreau, pear liqueur, fresh lemon, nutmeg, and a housemade pimento dram.  I also loved the Monk's Cooler with bourbon, lemon, rosemary syrup, orange bitters, and Monk's Cafe beer.  It was very refreshing, with a great herbal fragrance from the rosemary syrup and a giant rosemary sprig garnish.  The Longman Manhattan was a pretty good, smooth version of the classic, with bourbon, Punt é Mes, and angostura and cherry bitters.  I was indifferent to the Shrubbery, a surprisingly sweet drink with bourbon, amaretto, lemon, and Old Fashioned bitters.  I closed out dinner with the Yuzu Toddy - Marker's Mark, applejack, lemon, yuzu honey, and hot water.  It was a particularly strong drink, releasing hot alcoholic fumes from several inches away, but if you like bourbon and yuzu tea, then you should love this.The food ranged from fair to excellent, with the better dishes weighted towards the smaller plates.  We started with the warm cheese gougeres stuffed with a Dunbarton blue Mornay sauce.  These were like savory choux creams, with sweet pastry dough stuffed with the oozing blue cheese sauce.  The buffalo sweetbreads smacked us with even more flavor, the soft sweetbreads deep fried and coated in hot sauce.  I loved the texture of the sweetbreads, and they went wonderfully with the light, almost foamy aerated ranch, as well as the Thumbelina carrots and micro celery.  My favorite dish of the night was the rabbit paté with giardinière pickles and sourdough tartines.  This was despite the fact that the toasted sourdough was rock hard and inedible.  Luckily the paté spoke for itself, well spiced and meaty and just a bit gamey, bordered in a little bit of bacon.  The pickles, an assortment of julienned vegetables laced through with mustard seeds, were the perfect lightening touch, helped too by a generous helping of grainy mustard.The meal curved downhill from there, though there were still good things to come.  My least favorite dish was the pastrami spiced pig head, which made the rabbit paté seem even more of a screaming success.  The pig head was dry and chalky and flatly flavored, served with a mix of doughy sauerkraut gnocchi, dehydrated rye, shaved pear-watercress salad, and thousand island sugo that didn't add up to much.  The flavor profile smacked me as dull.  The roasted marrow bones were better, with red onion jam, sea salt, and sourdough crostinis.  I've probably had better bone marrow, but this was delightful, and I liked the sweet onion jam.  The crostini were also soft and edible, which was a plus.The bigger dishes were less successful on average, but I did really like the wild boar sloppy joe.  This was a sandwich on fluffy brioche with a lot of soft wild boar with a chili-like texture and flavor, topped with crispy sage, onion, and pickled jalapeño.  The jalapeño was seriously hot, and perhaps distracting, but the dish was great.  I also loved the crispy beef fat fries, cooked very well done with plenty of salt.  Our last two dishes, though, were not great.  The hand rolled cavatelli had its moments, namely the tender hunks of artichoke, but the pasta was too doughy.  It also came with rapini, chanterelles, truffle butter, grana padano, and a matsutake puree, but most of that did not deliver as much as I'd hoped.  The dish was also quite salty.  I wouldn't recommend the "Steak and Egg" either, a fairly boring dish of beef short rib, with pickled ramps, black trumpet mushrooms, bordelaise sauce, and a farm egg and creamed spinach raviolo.  The beef was fine, but the raviolo was dry and bland, with the egg yolk fully cooked inside.Our dessert was quite good - a maple and bourbon cornbread pudding with huckleberry compote, date-bourbon custard, and charred olive oil ice cream.  The cornbread was rich but not overwhelming, and the ice cream was superb.  I'm glad we ended on a good note, as I liked Longman & Eagle overall.  Though the food sometimes missed, I really enjoyed the meal.  I'd recommend the place to anyone in search of good food and drink under one roof.



QUERY: Patricia S., 2014-06-18, Houston, TX
1, cosine similarity = 0.3356055625878247
Kathryn W., 2011-01-15
Delicious food, cool atmosphere.Started with the pretzel and bone marrow. MMMMM. Shared a burger and left really satisfied. We walked in at 9:30 on a snowy Saturday night and only had to wait 5 minutes for a table!

2, cosine similarity = 0.26470320510769757
Luke L., 2012-09-19
Great place to come for a date if you get reservations ahead of time. The veal meatballs were very good as was everything we got, but the main reason to come here would be the atmosphere - It's very busy and alive in a good way on Friday or Saturday night and is a great place to start a night...

3, cosine similarity = 0.2613586716049229
Chris G., 2011-05-03
I love this place. But, I love it mid-Sunday afternoon when the brunch crowd has dispersed and the dinner crowd hasn't come in. Or, I love it on Thanksgiving night. Or, I love it at 2AM on a cold Saturday night. The staff is friendly - well, most of them - the food is good, and the drink selection is exciting. I love this place ... as does everyone else in the country. I'll always have my memories ...



