loaded controlled dictionary
loading test C:\Users\redwa_000\Downloads\Max\0 UVa\Text Mining\Machine Problem 1\yelp\test\tNnNr1AJf6ThLsSnPdd3xA.json
loading test C:\Users\redwa_000\Downloads\Max\0 UVa\Text Mining\Machine Problem 1\yelp\test\Ud3xHfA2EP5BsmugEHwrhQ.json
QUERY: Jack, 2015-02-01, Houston, TX
1, cosine similarity = 0.1683761419221755
Justin R., 2013-05-14
Adam Richman of Man vs. Food was the reason I had to come here. No, while tempting I did not do the oyster challenge. I did however thoroughly enjoyed my visit. The oysters weren't good, they were great. Huge, fresh, succulent, everything you could ask for. It was a toss up between the raw & chargrilled. Both were too yummy to decide.  We also ordered the softshell crab, which was a bit salty but not bad, as well as the seafood sampler (hard to mess up fried food!). I also couldn't go to New Orleans and not try a Po; boy. While they are everywhere I wouldn't say they have the best or the worst. I ordered the Peacemaker which is a fried oyster and fried shrimp po boy. The bread was nice and fluffy and the seafood was good, but I would've like it to be a bit more crispy and they skimped on the shrimp.All in all great dinning experience with a a friendly staff that really takes care of their guests.

2, cosine similarity = 0.1600014285272165
Jessica M., 2013-01-24
In search of the best charbroiled oysters in the french quarter. These hit the spot but were slightly over buttered. I think my search continues.......

3, cosine similarity = 0.15772321573837486
Michelle B., 2013-01-05
fresh horribly prepared oysters. good crab chowder was decent. the oysters and the shrimp po boy was awfully SALTY! heart attack salty..the fried crab were also too salty. everything fried had a super thick breading to conceal the samll size of the sea food. the salt and the flour took away from the flavor of the crab and the oysters. worst of all the order came out cold. cold fried sea food.we had the fried oysters at the Palace Cafe the same day and they were hot, huge and bursting in your mouth



QUERY: Tom, 2015-02-01, Houston, TX
1, cosine similarity = 0.18310941062028718
Pilan C., 2011-10-24
BEST. MEAL. EVER.We made reservations 3 months ago.  I saw how much it was going to cost, and it was going to be more than any meal I had ever eaten in my life.  And I had heard amazing things from everyone who had been here before me.  My expectations could NOT have been higher, and I'm VERY happy to say that I walked out even more satisfied than I could have imagined.Every dish was imaginative and creative, all featuring different ingredients -- very few of the components of the 20 dishes were repeats -- and a wide variety of preparations.  Many of the dishes had a whimsical feel to them, and the food runners all had a light sense of humor that kept the meal from being too stuffy, which you would expect from a place this fancy (JACKETS REQUIRED!!).  Only our sommelier was a bit too serious, but I guess that was understandable.  As an example of the whimsy, there was a big pumpkin sitting at our table when we got there.  When we were ready to start our meal, it looked like the waiter was taking the pumpkin off the table to make room for food, but when he lifted the pumpkin, there were four little squares of the most delicious pumpkin cake that I had ever had, with a bit of Thai chili for kick -- great way to start off our meal.That was followed my more and more delicious dishes, and there wasn't a clunker in the whole menu of 20 dishes!  My favorites were a razor clam appetizer with XO sauce, the mushrooms with red wine sauce (probably the best mushrooms I've ever had), a Sicilian "swordfish wheel," and the famous "Hot Potato, Cold Potato" and black truffle explosion.  Some dishes were small, some were larger, but the meal had so many of the best bites of food I've ever eaten before.The meal ended as uniquely as it started.  The waiters came out and put a fancy, rubbery tablecloth on our wood table.  Then, two chefs came out with two coconut-sized spheres (made of chocolate) and steaming, halloween-like steins (filled with liquid nitrogen).  The two chefs poured the liquid nitrogen into the balls, and then followed that by covering the table with some mind-blowing fall-themed sauces -- a lingonberry sauce, a butternut squash syrup, and stout (or porter) reduction.  The chefs then picked up the balls and dropped them on the table, chocolate bits and random stuff inside the balls flying everywhere on the table.  It was like a frozen pinata, full of little treats like frozen french toast squares, nutmeg cotton candy, meringues, frozen cream cheese bits, and some other interesting, delicious bites that we dipped in all of the sauces.  We ate it all right off the table, mostly with our hands.   The meal took four and a half hours, but felt perfectly paced with impeccable service.  We got the menus at the end, but I've debated many times whether I liked seeing the menu at the end, or whether I would've liked to have known what was coming. We had heard that there were 24 courses so we kept counting them, and didn't really know how many more savory dishes were coming before desserts.  Only two drawbacks on the night: (1) they don't have a full bar, so you can't have a cocktail before or during your meal, especially considering all of the amazing cocktails I've heard are served at Aviary; and (2) the wine pairing was a ridiculous $260 per person, which was even more than the meal.  While I love wine, I can't justify paying that much for a wine pairing, especially when the meal is already expensive. We did, however, enjoy two delicious bottles of red wine that the sommelier helped us pick out. I cannot recommend Alinea highly enough for a once-in-a-lifetime meal and overall experience.

2, cosine similarity = 0.1791275209791434
Shawn m., 2012-09-27
had dinner here last night with the Husband and a few friends.........Prepare to be WOWED!  one of the best places I've been.... wish I could give it 10 stars!!!!

3, cosine similarity = 0.15973419172049488
trista r., 2010-07-21
Wow.  Just....wow!  This place is AMAZING.I'm not really sure there is anything I can say that other yelpers haven't already said, but here goes.  My husband, some friends and I went to Alinea about a month ago.  First, the building, the decor, the ambiance, are all beautiful.  Very modern, but not so much as to take away from the food.  Which are the stars of the show.  Service was impeccable.  Everyone was very nice and amiable, when I really expected stuffy and snooty (because this is the type of place you could get away with it).  The wine list was explained in detail, and our table decided to order a couple bottles instead of the wine pairing.  Typically, a wine pairing is way too much wine for me and the glasses get stacked up because I am not drinking fast enough.  On to the food.My husband and I ate whatever was coming out, while our friends had some dietary restrictions, which where well accomadated.  So I can't really speak to everything that was served to them, as one does not eat meat but eats fish, while the other one doesn't eat fish or cheese.  But they were both very happy with everything that was served to them.I did not memorize the menu, Alinea gives you a menu to take home with you so you can remember everything you ate.  Thankfully  :)  We all had the tasting menu (which was more than enough foof for us, but when I saw other dishes being served to other tables that were on the full menu I was a little jealous :).1.  English Pea - fantastic way to start the meal.  Very fresh tasting even though it was like dippin dots of peas.  Yummy.  Little encapsulated sherry droplets were very interesting addition.  There were a lot of "encapsulated this" or "jelly that" throughout the meal.2.  Lobster.  Delicious!  My friend and I were trying to figure out how we could make these at home so we could watch the World Cup games and pop these little morsels of goodness into our mouths.  Super gourmet bar food is what it reminded us of.3.  Distillation of Thai Flavors - Least favorite (there has to be one).  Just weird.  They said is was a plate cleanser for the next dish, but I really don't think it added anything to the meal.4.  Pork Belly - Most favorite!!  So so so yummy.  I am not going to spoil the surprise for you, but trust that you will be pleasantly surprised.  i was raving so much about it I think my only-fish-eating friend considered trying it  :)5.  Sturgeon - Very good.  I haven't had a lot of sturgeon before this and I'm afraid to get it after this because I don't think it could ever be as good as this one was.  Super fresh.  6.  King Crab - Served three ways.  Some better than others.  Texture was weird on one of them (like a pudding almost) which threw it off, but overall very good.  7.  Lamb - Awesome!  The sauce was to die for and lamb was perfectly cooked.  Another one that I could have eaten an entire plate of.8.  Hot potato/Cold potato - I'm really not sre what all the fuss is about on this one.  It was just...ok.  I didn't get it i guess.  All I really tasted was truffles (which are great, don't get me wrong, but this isn't hot truffle/cold truffle).  9.  Tournedo - Wagyu beef.  Outstanding.  Second-tied-for first-favorite dish.  It felt like it was melting in my mouth.  It's dishes like this that I REALLY don't understand how people are vegetarian.  THIS is why people eat red meat.  10.  Earl grey - Loved the different textures and the combination of lemon and chocolate.  Very lemmony, but I like that sort of thing.  If you don't (like my husband) this will not be your favorite.11.  Chocolate - Cocunut, menthol, hyssop.  Definite menthol flavor, which was strange and tasty all at the same time.  12.  Bubble gum.  -  So weird.  While a very cool way to the end the meal,  I wish it hadn't been the last flavor/texture in my mouth.  So, is Anthony Bourdain on to something when he talks about the tedious-ness of eating these tasting menus.  Maybe.  It does take a long time.  It could be difficult to sit there and carry on a conversation with someone always coming over to explain what your eating - but our friends and I managed to do it, we had an amazing time.  Also, I realize that Achatz is a food pioneer, in the vein of molecular gastronomy, but enough with the encapsulated things and gels!  There were too many.  Maybe I wasn't doing it right.  Good, but there were so many that i started to think that it was just too much, bordering on gimmicky.  But I would never say it was bad.  Or even close.   Overall, you have to go to this place.  Yes it is expensive.  But I didn't cringe when I got the bill.  Because if ever there was a place that is worth the money, this is it.  You can see where your money is going.  This is not the kind of place you go to once a month, maybe more like once a year.  Or at least once in your life.  Save up the money and go.



QUERY: Jack, 2015-02-01, Houston, TX
1, cosine similarity = 0.21440509038180985
Mary D., 2013-09-09
The chargrilled oysters were amazing! The line out the door was scary but it moved quickly.

2, cosine similarity = 0.20689663980493259
Anne P., 2013-05-23
This place is amazing. We waited in a gigantic line for about 5 minutes. It moved quickly, so it is worth the wait. We sat at the bar, ask for Curtis! He is the best! We asked Curtis what his favorite items on the menu were and he ordered for us. Such a great choice.... We received a wonderful meal with a crab po boy, chicken and andouille sausage po boy, gravy fries and chicken gumbo. You just could not go wrong. Although fried, this food is not greasy. It is fantastic!

3, cosine similarity = 0.1859267899325332
Eddie K., 2012-07-11
This is one of my favortie places to come when in New Orleans.  The food is good and fresh.  They sure do how to deep fried food right, tasty and not greasy.   The line is usually long but moves quickly.



QUERY: Jack, 2015-02-01, Houston, TX
1, cosine similarity = 0.21023789545214458
Swarup B., 2009-09-17
best.dining.experience.ever.the service was excellent save for a few missteps and one server who was quite stonefaced.  also, all of us got the tour except for my wife who got the veggie tour and it was excellent too!  we couldn't have asked for a better evening!  perfection!here's the course by course break down:osetra, traditional garnishes -very much like thomas keller's oysters and pearls but a modern twist (and no oysters).  very light w/ perfect caviar.pork belly, iceberg, cucumber, thai distillation -their play on thai food and it was unreal. pork belly was excellent but what stole the show was the shot of a liquified thai chilies which smelled like it was spicy but had the pure flavor of the chilies w/out the heat.oxalis, juniper, gin, sugar -a gelee dish. it had a bitter flavor which worked well with the flavors of the berries, gin and sugar.lilac, scallop, shellfish, honeydew -this was quite a dish! the base was a lilac "pillow" that had essence of lilac. the seafood was incredible and so perfectly cooked. the honeydew foam added a nice sweet accent.pigeonneau, a la saint-clair -chef achatz showed us that he's not all about new styles of cooking. this was a classically prepared dish and was fabulous. the squab, foie gras, and the onions were exquisite and we couldn't have asked for a more perfect crust.black truffle explosion, romaine, parmesan -one of his signatures and it didn't disappoint. it's just one bite but as soon as it enters the mouth, the insides of the ravioli come out and all you're left w/ is black truffles in all of its glory.tomato, fig, nicoise olive, pine nuts -basil leaves and tomato stems that provide the aromatic blanket for this course.  a whole salad re-thought! there are olives, black garlic, charred figs and olive oil snow! a great combo of flavors and a dehydrated pumpernickel crouton added some nice texture. the heirloom tomatoes were so good!mustard, passionfruit, allspicebacon, butterscotch, apple, thymesweet potato, bourbon, brown sugar, cinnamon -the mustard ice cream w/ allspice and passionfruit were presented as a disc and we were asked to let it melt in our mouth. it went from spicy to light to sweet. a very cool effect!  the bacon first and it wa perfection. sweet, salty w/ a herb twist w/ the thyme. the sweet potato was basically pie on a stick and perfect way to end the trio. sweet, creamy and w/ a nice bite.hot potato, cold potato, black truffle, butter -another signature of his. we had to pick up the bowl and pull the pin on the side so that the hot contents of the pin would drop in the cold soup and eat right away. the contrast of the temperatures and textures added to an already incredible flavorful dish!yuba, shrimp, miso, togarashi -the yuba (skin of tofu) was hardened and fried to give it a crispy texture. the shrimp was delicious and had the miso dip was outstanding!foie gras, peach, fennel, shiso -the foie gras and fennel which needed to be eaten right away and then the peach juice in the cup needed to be drunk right away. the savory and sweet is the mix here and it tasted nice!uni, aloe, yuzu, chili -this dish made its debut on the menu that night and we were asked by a lot of the wait staff on how we liked it. while uni isn't my thing, this was void of any weird fishy flavor or a weird texture. the flavor worked well w/ the yuzu and aloe but it was inconsistent from bite to bite.wagyu beef, powdered a-1, potato chips -wow! i've never had beef this good. the potato "chips" was like a cube of all that is good w/ potatoes. the powdered A-1 was a deconstructed version of A-1 steak sauce and was a nice addition as was the salt and pepper on the side but the beef really stood on its own.lemon soda, one bite -once in your mouth, this almost becomes a bite of lemon meringue. great and playful!transparency of raspberry, yogurtbubble gum, long pepper, hibiscus, creme fraichewatermelon, lime, nasturtium -this was a thin paper of raspberry which was a fun fruit roll up type thing and a "cigarette" of bubble gum w/ creme fraiche that needed to be sucked from the one side and a ball of watermelon w/ lime. just a fun course!rhubarb, goat milk, onion, lavender air -a pillow filled w/ lavender air was placed in front of us and the dish was placed on top.  the pillow slowly lost it's air as the plate sat and gave off this wonderful lavender aroma. The bites on the plate had a lil bit of cotton candy to drops of sweet onion. nice dish.chocolate, blueberry, tobacco, maple -the highlight of the evening. A silicone mat was placed on our table top and chef achatz prepped this on our table and every component was insanely good.  here's a video of this course: bit.ly/vWIQSpound cake, strawberry, lemon, vanilla bean -a dense pound cake w/ strawberry in it and a lemon snow around it. the vanilla bean is used as a fork and adds a nice background flavor. lovely!

2, cosine similarity = 0.204802325106701
David K., 2011-09-29
It's going to be long.  Must be brief to fit the experience in 5001 characters.Alinea is a special occasion kinda place.  Before you can dine here you must get a reservation here.  The trick is they open up reservations two months in advance so if you want to eat in March you better call Jan 1 to snag that spot up (especially if it's a weekend).  You've got your reservations? Great!It's located in a building that's pretty nondescript.  During the day my friend described it as..."shady looking."  In the evening there will be a tiny sign for Valet Service ($11).  Unless you're lucky and there's a spot open, why not just Valet (You're already splurging on this epic meal.)  Oh yea...formal jackets required...don't be a bum!The interior looks like an upscale office.  Tell them your name and reservation time and off you go to your seats!  They'll take your valet card so they can prep your car when your meal is ending or call you a cab if that's the route you went.  Service!  They only do wines so don't expect cocktails.  Wine pairings ranged from 160 to 250.  Ok Food!  Warning that there will be some spoilers!Steelhead Roe sitting on a bed of watermelon mousse, wrapped in watermelon flesh and finished off with watermelon consume poured in with an edible flower.  Wonderful starter that was mostly sweet, but light elements of savory.Hamachi bite that had pineapple salt, ginger, west indie spices, and kaffir lime with Vanilla Bean Stick for holder.  Complex flavors here.  It was sweet, but also sour from the kaffir, then salty and rich from the hamachi.  Another good opening to get your tastebuds going.At this point they brought out what looked like fruit rollups and set them down and told us we'd deal with them later...intrigue!The next dish was a quad that we were supposed to eat in a specific order.  The presentation was these 4 shellfish sitting on kelp sitting on this driftwood.Oyster Leaf topped with a mignonette.  Leaves that taste like oysters!Taylor Bay Scallop with old bay oil and a white ale foam.  One of the highlight bites of the night.  The scallop was juicy and firm and had an overall richness of flavor.Top Neck Clam with an xo sauce and carrot and ginger tapiocas.  This reminded me of Asian cuisine with the xo sauce and the salty flavors.Mussel with saffron, chorizo, and orange.  The mussel was sitting in the shell and the other flavors were these cubes that sat on top of it so as you chewed the flavors got intense based on which cube you were hitting.Yuba (tofu skin) with shrimp and a miso mayo dip.  They dried it, rolled it up, and deep fried it to create a stick then wrapped a shrimp around it and placed it in a holder that had a well of miso mayo dipping sauce.  Chip and dip!Mackerel bite with juniper, radish flower, and mango.  We were just to chomp down and slide the bite off the wire.  Great layers to the flavors.  Salty richness from the mackeral moving down to the sweet mango.Wild Mushrooms dish.  A mixture of wild mushrooms with sumac, pine, and ramps.  The mushrooms individually had great earthy flavors, but it didn't come together as a whole for me.Hot Potato, cold potato, black truffle, butter...one of the winners of the night.  Small wax bowl with a wire in it that has a potato sphere with a black truffle cap, a cube of butter, and a cube of something else.  You pull the wire out so everything falls in and then take the whole bite.  Wow, great bite.Lamb Loin with lamb jous reduction and béarnaise along with mini potato spheres.  There were 2 small lamb loin medallions topped with a slice of artichoke heart and 2 small asparagus tips.  This sat on a crunchy, flaky disc.  On the center and sides were the jous and sauce to dip in.Short Rib, olive, fermented garlic, fresh blackberry, smoked salt, white wine radish, tobacco agar...this is where those flags come in play.  Make your own wrap with all this stuff.  Also you get to make the holder for the tomato pasta and the engineer in me got happy.Black Truffle explosion.  Winner!  Single bit of ravioli with liquid truffle inside...that is allOctopus with eggplant mousse and soup.  Also great, the mousse was awesome.Yuzu Snow.  Palette cleanser.  Sprayed yuzu mist over a super cold dish to create snow.  You scrape to create a granita.  Refreshing.Peach, jasmine, basil, balsamic, mozzarella cubes.  Think caprese salad.  Basil cubes and mozzarella ice cream were win.Lemongrass juice, dragonfruit, and herbs.  A tube where you sucked down this refreshing liquid.Chocolate mousse, red pepper, bitter orange, banana rum brulee, and rum cake.  The chefs came out to create this art on the table for us.  The mousse was frozen in liquid nitro.  Lots of fun to watch and eat!Servers were warm, funny, joked with us.  It was awesome.  They told us we were sitting at Zac Efron's table but were more fun.  Our sommelier was passionate, knowledgeable, and talked like a motorboat.  Running out of chars.  So TRY IT!

3, cosine similarity = 0.19704774006303868
Angela H., 2011-03-19
Alinea may as well be called "Alien-a" because it's simply an OUT OF THIS WORLD culinary experience!!!Haha that was cheesy.  Onward...Not too long ago I watched the Andrew Zimmern Bizarre Foods episode where he dined at Alinea.  I was fascinated by the crazy contraptions used to create their culinary creations and immediately put this restaurant on my "must try sometime in my life" list.  Then I realized it was also a 3-starred Michelin Restaurant. THEN I was sent to a work trip out to Chicago.  AND my boyfriend just happened to have a work trip that brought him out to Chicago the same week.  Needless to say it was meant to be for us two foodies to pay this place a visit."Subtle" would be the word I have for this location, but I'm too excited about the food so I'm diving right in (there ARE 22 dishes, after all).The first course composed of 3 mini-servings of "frozen drinks", all meant to be consumed in a single bite.1) Lemon - luxardo bitter, luxardo amaro, grapefruit:  a frozen bite of liquor lifted with a delicate pin - a bit bitter for me but a good refreshing start to the meal.2) Apple - laird's apple brandy, grenadine, thyme: a piece of crunchy apple encapsulated in a jelly liquor served on a circular spoon - once again a foreign and enlightening experience for the taste buds3) Squash - cynar, carpano antica, flor de cana 7 year: served on a mini tower, a flan-like substance with a tasty foam.  This was my favorite of the three, likely because it was the sweetest.4) Steelhead Roe - dijon, retabaga, grapefruit:  creamy, full of "umami", zero hint of fishiness paired with the essence of grapefruit.. simply delicious. 5) Yuba - Shrimp, miso, togarashi: a crunchy twist of fried tofu skin, wrapped with tender shrimp and dipped in a perfectly seasoned miso sauce.  The asian side of me is comforted by this little "snack".6) Urchin - watercress, vanilla, mint: A vanilla "jello" of sorts encapsulating a small piece of sea urchin.  A small bite exploding in different flavors... I can't even describe this one because it was a medley of the strangest flavors popping in and out of my mouth.  This dish ends with a sip of watercress soup served beneath the jello.7) Halibut - black pepper, coffee, lemon: One of my favorite dishes of the night and presented in a snowy-white art form.  The fish was perfectly cooked, the hint of coffee flavor permeated occasionally, the crunchy "shrimp chips" and the flawless cream sauce played together in a strange, but perfect harmony. YUM.8) Rabbit - Parfait, rillett, consommé: A three-tiered dish (literally, served in a 3 tiered cylindrical bowl) beginning with a cool rabbit parfait on the top layer that was creamy yet refreshing, culminated to a rabbit meat medley (a cube of shredded meat alongside a fried ball of meat) covered in king trumpet mushroom and surrounded by butternut sauce, and finally ending with a clear rabbit broth kept warm by a hot stone and flavored with a stick of cinnamon.9) Wlid mushrooms - pine, sumac, ramp: Loving this mushroom medley of wild mushrooms from the Fresno foothills in CA (what what)... weirdly spongy but super flavorful... another favorite.10) Hot Potato - cold potato, black truffle, butter: Another creative sip of soup served on a mini wax bowl with a pin poking through, spearing a bite of potato, black truffle, and frozen butter.  Pulling the pin releases these items into a cold potato broth... this dish was particularly different.11) Short Rib - olive, red wine, blackberry: Yet another favorite dish.  Earlier during dinner we were presented with 2 red "flags" in criss cross formation, which seemed a strange table decor. At this point we realized that this "flag" was an edible homemade tomato pasta.  This pasta was then draped over a metal, cradlelike contraption that made space for the most tender and tasty short rib I've ever eaten.  A plate of sides and sauces containing sea salt, olives, blackberry, sour cherry were all fair game to garnish this "pasta short rib wrap".  Likely the most luxurious "wrap" I will ever eat; I was blown away.12) Hamachi - West Indies spices, banana, ginger: served on a smoldering piece of cinnamon, this fried dish had a very "Indian" vibe to it although the banana felt like the centerpiece.13) Canard - a la Cussy: Lots of "best of"s during this meal, but this was the BEST DUCK I'VE EVER HAD.  A puff pastry stuffed with duck innards, foie gras, cock's crest (first time trying... it was good), and topped with the 3 most tender slices of duck I've ever had along with a tiny piece of fried duck skin.  I was getting really full at this point but I had to push through... 14) Venison - cherry, cocoa nib, eucalyptus: Once again, most tender piece of venison I've ever had.  Not gamey, served on a "lily pad" like presentation that covered the bite of deer heaven.To be continued... yelp's 5000 word limit can't stop me...



QUERY: Patricia S., 2014-06-18, Houston, TX
1, cosine similarity = 0.4528890977944383
Senna H., 2007-09-02
YUMMY! theres no other way to put it.  cool atmosphere.

2, cosine similarity = 0.1688658158079233
Jill H., 2012-06-06
Don't let the long line trick you. We have party of six people and only wait about 30 mins, which is not so bad on Saturday night. The food is worth the wait! Even those I'm not a fan of oysters, their grilled oyster still impressed me. Soft shell crabs are awesome too.

3, cosine similarity = 0.16582302415831882
Richie S., 2012-09-28
Food good,  atmosphere was good, server was a little witchy. But they packed the people in every night!



