QUERY: Jack, 2015-02-01, Houston, TX
1, cosine similarity = 0.2382121274424003
Martha Z., 2009-01-04
We did piece to go and it was a great experience.  I've been uber critical of pizzas lately since companion and i have endeavored in making our own.  First of all the guys on the phone and behind the desk were super nice.  They apologized profusely because my pizza order was a few minutes late.  And for take out the pie held up nicely and was still piping hot by the time we got it home.  If you are looking for a nice slightly greasy pie this is good pick.  The ingredients are really tasty!

2, cosine similarity = 0.1888323662485593
Molly R., 2010-07-03
I've been craving Piece Pizza for weeks - ever since my roommate brought home leftovers and let me eat most of them - so we decided to make the trek to Bucktown and suffer through the long wait.Got there around 7:45 and were told there would be a 45 minute to an hour wait.  We decided to walk around the area a bit (plenty of people out and about) and checked in to pester the hostess every twenty minutes to ask if our table was ready.  A couple beers and an hour later, we were seated in a roomy booth.We ordered the goat cheese appetizer to start (loved it, but a little too much like pizza to eat before pizza) as well as a sample of each of their 7 house brews (only a dollar per sample).  I would highly recommend the samples - they have a lot of great beers and it was fun to taste beers that I would typically not order (their dark beers had great flavor but were not too bitter, which I liked).  Now to the pizza, we ordered a large red with a bunch of toppings (half artichoke hearts, garlic and mushroom/half sausage, mushroom and green pepper with goat cheese on everything).  It arrived fairly quickly and piping hot. It was, as expected, delicious.  I'm a crust girl, and theirs was thin with a perfect balance of chewy and crispiness.  I also liked that it wasn't overloaded with cheese, just enough to cover, and cut into slices not squares, as pizza should be.Bill was about $50 for beer samples, app, and pizza - well worth it considering we have about a dozen slices leftover to enjoy!They should open a second location - would cut down on the wait and let everyone enjoy this amazing pizza.

3, cosine similarity = 0.18130740995936856
Clare T., 2009-04-14
I'm sure I'm not going to say anything here that hasn't already been said.  So, Piece in three words:Awesome pizza, beer.You should go sometime.



QUERY: Tom, 2015-02-01, Houston, TX
1, cosine similarity = 0.21879627446927416
Tina W., 2008-12-20
The potee was awesome! I'm still craving it 2 weeks later! It included pork tenderloin, pork belly and pork sausage. We also got a butternut squash 'ravioli' that was good and a seafood stew which was okay but not great. Service was okay but a little spotty.

2, cosine similarity = 0.18017444354786785
Kim C., 2012-12-10
I just had my first trip to The Publican.  It has great food, a great beer list, and top notch service-- not sure what more I could ask for.We had a seafood heavy meal, and loved everything.  We started with winter squash, which was served with quinoa and crispy kale.  It sounds so simple, but it might have been my favorite thing we ordered.  Next we had socca with smoked arctic char.  The char was perfect.  It would have been too small to share with more than two people, but it was a perfect small dish for my husband and I.  We shared a half order of mussels.  They came with a generous portion of crusty bread, which was amazing to soak up the broth.  The pumpkin swordfish was my husband's favorite.  It had a great crust, and we both loved the rapini, and peppers with the fish.We had a couple of beers, my favorite one was some kind of maple something, I wish I remembered.  It wasn't really sweet, it just had a spiced flavor I loved.  The waitstaff was incredibly attentive and detailed.  The dishes came out with perfect timing, and out waiter was really knowledgeable about the whole menu, including the beer/wine list.  I'd definitely recommend The Publican for a fun date night.

3, cosine similarity = 0.1722922852308425
Tina L., 2014-03-03
While I agree about the lack of hospitality / service here, I'd have to say that the dinners that I enjoyed here (twice!) were both wonderful. The porchetta and duck hearts are a must try -- those definitely stand out in my memory. Make sure to order some veggies to balance out the richness of these kind of savory dishes, though.



QUERY: Jack, 2015-02-01, Houston, TX
1, cosine similarity = 0.1773671134128409
Eddie H., 2010-08-18
This place was awesome!!!! i now have to go back and try other pizza combos and the large feeds more than 3-5 people. i think its more like 4-6, hahaha. Prices were good too, cant wait to go back!

2, cosine similarity = 0.16861847605016214
Luis A., 2011-12-22
Your review helps others learn about great local businesses.Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.

3, cosine similarity = 0.15220152290884614
Aaron G., 2014-03-16
Getting a table in this joint is a bitch and a half! I would show up 45 minutes early, get on the list and hope for the best. Ok now with that outta the way, the beer here is very good. None to extreme on the stylistic or flavor spectrum but very drinkable and flavorful. The pizza is pretty damn good, pending you don't fuck up with the toppings. It's the subway of pizza joints, you got no one but yourself to blame for a shitty pie since you chose it! The fried chicken pizza on special recently was amazing and I wish they had pizzas you could order toppings already selected.That is neither here nor there but I will be back. Great staff with good wit doing a damn fine job and remember tip your damn server!



QUERY: Jack, 2015-02-01, Houston, TX
1, cosine similarity = 0.1804754543063414
Dinah T., 2012-10-26
My fellow Yelpers were not kidding!  Man. it's really loud in that place!  I went there for my hubby's birthday and we really couldn't have a good conversation with each other.  I was yelling at him across our table for two, LOL!  It's definitely not a place for a romantic dinner so for first time daters, not my first choice.It's mostly communal tables and communal bathrooms especially the sinks.  However, they do have some tables on the sides for one or two people and bigger private tables for 3 or more folks like they were pigs in a pig pens.  Don't even look at the menu on line...it's not matching as when we got there..boo.  It didn't have mussels on there daily menu and some other dishes that you guys recommended us to try, boo:(  Maybe it's seasonal?We sat at a table for two by the window. It is a bit dark even though there's a lot of lights in the ceiling, where the heck is the dimmer switch.We started with drinks, the beer selection was pretty good.  Hubby got the Dreadnaught and Founders Red's Rye, he liked.   I had a glass of red wine that was recommended by the waiter..I wanted something sweet but he recommended something that he liked called  RGL-Zweigelt.  I didn't care much of it, the after taste was kind of metally, but for $13 bucks a glass...I downed that sucker!  Hey, anything over $10 bucks you bet your bottom dollar I wasn't going to waste it, LOL!  It was smooth, but I wouldn't get it again for myself.OK so here's the summary:They gave us two small plates as the food is like "family style" serving, but  not really family size portions...For appetizers:-Serrano Ham 1/2 taste of Ham with two cubes of cold goat butter and 3 slices of peasant bread.  It was enough for two.  I would try something else next time.  It was ok, nothing to rave about.-Frites with Egg, it was fresh cut fries, had a sweet taste to it like fried red potatoes with two eggs on top sunny side up, medium cooked.  It was pretty good, hubby didn't care much of it over rated.Meals:-60 day old grilled Rib-eye steak with roasted veggies.  It was all sliced up in huge pieces on a family platter with roasted lemon, radishes, mini bell peppers, greens and one steak knife..really one steak knife?!?.  Don't expect David Burke steak- whole with a large steak knife, it's not what we expected.  At least cut the meat in smaller bite size pieces.  I won't get it again for $55 bucks, I want a side of potatoes at least!-California White Bass Fish with potatoes and roasted vegetables.  This was good, a thick piece pan fried fish with a crust on both sides.  Fresh, clean taste.  I'd for sure get this one again, but DO NOT Share!  It was really not enough for two.Vegetables:Squash with goat cheese and pine nuts.  Nope I didn't like it, I was expecting it roasted not al dente with the hard skin on it.Dessert:-At least they gave us a small coconut cake with a candle on it.  It was ok.-Bread Pudding was pretty good, only good for two people since it's only two cubes of it and a small size scoop of ice cream.-Vanilla ice cream.  This one was two small scoops of ice cream.  Like the size you would get when you order gelato.  However, we liked it.  Smooth and creamy and fresh vanilla taste.  I would order this again.Pros:-The place was spacious and clean-Wait staff were friendly, kept our table clean and refilled our water glasses.-Gave us a free Birthday dessert with a candleCons:-Wish they had an updated menu online to view beforehand-For the price we paid for dinner, I wish we had more food.Overall:It's ok, I'll have to go back for Brunch next time and try their pork dishes.  Maybe my ratings will change...

2, cosine similarity = 0.16567129521536336
Barry G., 2009-08-27
My business partner and I went in for a Man Date before his second baby arrives, so we figured something porky beery loud and energetic would hit the spot.  His wife mandated that we go to The Publican, so we did.  A sour red Flemish beer with dark baked bread and house pickles opened the table, and they were delicious.  We went a little overboard, with a plate of oysters, ham trio, fries with eggs, sardines, suckling pig, gem salad, duck livers and hearts, summer beans.  Foods arrived one at a time, meant for sharing.  I don't know who chose the order, but it wasn't the order we requested it, which was just fine with us.  The suckling pig was a tiny portion for $23, maybe two thin 3" diameter slices of meat with 2-3 mushrooms in a salty buttery herb sauce.  Very tasty, but hard to tell that this was supposed to be an expensive dish.  Duck hearts and livers was even more lost, with tattered bits of liver instead of lobes or half lobes, with quartered or halved black figs, plums and citrus supremes (not pitted well either!).  The dish lacked direction, was a mess on the plate, difficult to eat (everything slid around or was too delicate to spear).  Sardines were wonderful, wrapped in grape leaves, served topped with halved grapes and pine nuts.  Ham was delicious and served with goat butter, but considering it's prepared off-site and simply served here, I can't in fairness give the restaurant points for it.  The summer beans were divine, tender without being mushy, wonderfully seasoned.  Gem salad was a salt bomb.  I get it that the place has many many beers available, but you don't have to salt me like a hole in the wall to keep me drinking the $9 beers!  Oysters were tasty, served with lemons and a mignonette, no cocktail sauce or tabasco, thankfully.  But the star of the table were the fries and pork rinds.  The fries were perfectly cooked in animal fat, as if you'd lovingly made them at home.  The egg yolk was very slightly overcooked, but still plentiful for dipping and sopping.  Ordered without the egg, the fries come with an aioli.  The only thing that would have made the fries better was a side of creamed spinach under the egg.  And now the pork rinds.  What on earth do they do to that poor pig skin to make these rinds so airy, crisp, minimally porky (sadly) and almost fat free?  It's some sort of magic.  Slightly questionable was the heavy dusting of something that resembled a spiced up cheese powder.  Every table should get an order, and then an extra order to go.  We ended with the waffle.  It waffled and was very light and airy, not too sweet or salty.  Almost palate cleansing in its simplicity.  The joint is LOUD.  Our waitress was fantastic.  Our bussers were a bit frantic and overexcited to get plates out of the way.  Yes, I would like to eat those last 5 fries, just like I wanted to eat that last $3 slice of ham!  I'll go back for a snack, but not for a meal.  We spent 2.5 hours there for $200, and still felt a bit hungry at the end.  Except for the ham, these were cheap ingredients expensively handled, and in the end that just left me feeling slightly exploited (to avoid using a two word term with first letters being R+O).

3, cosine similarity = 0.1630943125563235
Pooter V., 2011-07-18
I went in a bit cautious but was won over. When a restaurant receives a lot of hype such as this I think it's either really as good as people say or the majority of diners are simply saying the food is good bc they're engaging in groupthink. Well, after having dinner at the Publican, I can confirm that it's the former. I wouldnt say everything we had was a hit, but I will say I love the fresh food and the variety of dishes served. So here's a rundown of what we had:Halibut crudo: This was very good and I would definitely recommend ordering it. I thought it was very fresh and light. A great dish to start off with.Potted rillettes: Loved this. Prob my fav dish of the night. Have ya'll noticed how restaurants never seem to give enough bread with spreads? Luckily, we had asked for bread at the beginning of dinner, so when we ran out of the toasted bread that came with the dish we simply spread the rillettes over the complimentary bread we received earlier. Honestly, I really dont know how the cherries enhanced or complimented the rillettes. Even without the cherries, this dish wouldve been yummy.Country ribs: This was another hit. I could really taste the citrus flavor in the meat. And there were two large chunks of meat, so portion size was great. The slices of oranges scattered throughout the dish didnt really do anything to enhance the flavor of the meat but I guess it was just there for presentation's sake.Livornese fish stew: Served with what I believe to be garlic bread. I generally love fish stew, but I'd say skip this one. I've had better at Calo. It wasnt bad (although a tad salty), but as I've said Ive had better elsewhere so I'd save my money for something else on the menu. I certainly dont believe it was worth $29.We had another dish from the vegetable section of the menu, but I dont recall what it was called. It consisted of eggplant and ground lamb. In regards to this dish, I'd say if you see something similar on the menu, skip it. It tasted like sloppy joe. I've had better manwiches.We also had dessert. A blueberry shortcake with lemon curd and this banana ice cream dessert, the exact term for which I cant remember. Anywho, my fellow dinner mate enjoyed his banana ice cream but I didnt really like my shortcake. Specifically, I didnt like the basil ice cream that was in the dessert. Minus the basil ice cream, I wouldve like this dessert more.In terms of service, our waitress was really helpful, answering any questions we had about items on the menu. I dont really have much to say about the wait staff. I thought they did their job well.Ambiance: We had an early dinner, arriving at the restaurant a little before 530 on a Sunday. Early on it was pretty nice and quiet, but it slowly got louder and louder as more and more diners sat down for dinner. I had expected this so no complaints. I just know to show up early to avoid the noisier atmosphere.



QUERY: Patricia S., 2014-06-18, Houston, TX
1, cosine similarity = 0.4704866734114642
Austin G., 2013-05-28
Nice space and cool atmosphere. The pizza is good, but nothing to brag to your friends about.

2, cosine similarity = 0.37550977576120337
Ryan P., 2013-05-20
Great piece and pretty cool atmosphere. Can get quite crowded so be prepared for a wait.

3, cosine similarity = 0.36965424052020457
William R., 2012-03-11
This place was SLAMMED on the Friday night that we went! Very cool atmosphere for a pizza joint! Very large inside and fun for groups!



